Just to make things more complicated, according to the Storage Networking 
IndustryAssociation (SNIA), the laws and regulations that cover "the 
management of personalinformation" are typically grouped under "privacy 
policy" in the United States and under "protection policy" in the EU and 
elsewhere. The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), a 
supervisory authority that will go into effect May 25, 2018, requires 
businesses to protect the "personal dataand privacy of EU citizens for 
transactions that occur within the EU." However, the GDPR'sdata protection law 
has a much different view of personal identification information thanthe US. 
GDPR compliance requires that companies use the same level of data protection 
forcookies as they do for stored personally identifiable information, such as 
social securitynumbers.Make sure you are compliant with the GDPR. Download 
this free guide.Privacy and Security: One Doesn't Ensure the OtherWhat's 
important to understand when comparing data privacy vs. data protection is 
that you can't ensure data privacy unless the personal data is protected by 
technology. If someone can steal personal data, its privacy is not guaranteed, 
which puts you at risk for identity theft and other personal security 
breaches. But the opposite relationship isn't always true: personal data can 
be protected while still not being reliably private.How? When you swipe your 
credit card for a service provider, you're doing two things. First of all, 
you're trusting the service provider and payment system with your personal 
data protection - to make sure, among other things, shady cybercriminals and 
other third parties can't access your credit information without your consent. 
But you're also trusting them to honor your data privacy by not misusing the 
information even though you provided it to them.The point is technology alone 
cannot ensure the privacy of personal data. Most privacy protection protocols 
are still vulnerable to authorized individuals who might ac cess the data. The 
burden on these authorized individuals is, above all, about privacy law, not 
technology. 